[Music]
hello
welcome to my house quarantanomo bay
if you're seeing this message please
send help
i've been trapped here for i don't know
how many days but
you know they say it's important to stay
positive and there are some good things
about this
for instance i haven't had to wear a bra
in weeks
you know every day i wake up convinced i
have the virus
every morning i'm a hundred percent
convinced same with my wife for weeks
has been going on
at seven a.m we're convinced we're
infected
by noon we've completely forgotten about
it every day
it's like diseased groundhog's day is
anyone else doing this
you know they say the symptoms include
being
exhausted and aching all over but those
are also the symptoms
of having young children so everyone's
going a little nuts right now
one of our writers a young man named
ponytail jesse found himself
lysoline his lysol yesterday
if you disinfect a disinfectant does it
then become an infectant
we're on lockdown here in l.a the
beaches are closed the parks are closed
but
the meter maids are still giving out
tickets there is some positive that
while we've been
holed up at home cleaning our closets we
somehow
wound up with this shocking news the
coronavirus pandemic is doing something
many once thought
impossible as of tonight los angeles
has the cleanest air of any major city
in the world
but please do not go out to enjoy it
is there a way to save some of that air
for later so if that doesn't signify the
end is near i don't know what does
you know we've seen many many videos of
neighbors singing on their balconies
playing music having these socially
distant dance parties but i think this
is a first
a guy on what appeared to be the third
or fourth floor
poured a glass of wine from a bottle of
wine into the glass
of a woman below him
this happened in portland oregon they're
hanging outside the windows
to applaud nearby hospital workers and
that is
a generous pour that's the new way to
drink responsibly
in tokyo it's graduation season right
now and at least one university there
found a way to hand out the diplomas
using ipads and robots
known as new means the robots walk
across the stage to receive diplomas on
behalf
of graduates from tokyo's business
breakthrough university
each burying a tablet with the face of
the student it represents
these robots are controlled remotely by
the students and of course
dressed in graduation gowns and caps to
fit the occasion
now the terminators have college degrees
you know ipads aren't the only products
being put to clever use apple is said to
be at work
making face shields for doctors the ceo
of
apple tim cook today released this
prototype of what the face shields
will look like they retail for 799
i'm going to wait for the face shield x
the prime minister of england
is very ill boris johnson is in
intensive care right now with
coronavirus
and the prime minister of ireland is at
the hospital too but he's there to work
prime minister leo varadkar renewed his
medical license so he could volunteer as
doctor meanwhile our president is also
volunteering
as a doctor by arbitrarily prescribing
lupus pills
and fish tank chemicals at every press
conference he holds
trump over the past few weeks has been
pushing this drug
hydroxychloroquine very hard despite
repeated warnings from
many doctors including his top health
guy dr fauci
who warned that the drug's effectiveness
against this virus hasn't been tested
yet well now it turns out
trump's inexplicable passion for this
drug might be
a bit more explicable turns out he has a
financial stake
in the company that makes the drug of
course he does do we really think he
went out of his way to learn to say
hydroxychloroquine for no reason you
have
chloroquine and hydro
hydroxychloroquine hydroxy
chloroquine hydroxychloroquine that's
hydroxychloroquine
hydroxy chlor
chloroquine hydroxy chloroquine
try it it's a great commercial
the president potentially profiting from
a drug like this is very unethical this
would be like if he tried to host a g7
summit at one of his own resorts oh he
did that
never mind you know if he really wanted
to get enough mass into all the
hospitals all we have to do is start
printing the word trump on the front of
them and selling them at trumpstore.com
but the president is feeling very
optimistic yesterday
he tweeted light at the end of the
tunnel
no that's your tanning bed you left it
plugged in
there was another high profile firing
today the white house press secretary
stephanie grisham is out
after 10 months on the job she gave a
total of no press conferences during her
tenure
and will be replaced by loyal team
trumper kaylee mcnanny who
back in february wisely said this he
started the last line of defense there
or first i should say absolutely this
president will always put america first
he will always protect american citizens
we will not see diseases like the
coronavirus come here
thank you new white house spokesmodel
wait thank god
it's not going to come here could you
imagine if it did she's going to fit
right in
only the best people the first thing
kaylee will have to deal with is this a
memo has surfaced showing that trump was
specifically warned back in january that
a half a million americans could die
as a result of this pandemic the memo
was written by his own trade advisor
peter navarro
who wrote the memo while the president
was on tv telling us
everything is fine and then navarro
wrote another memo
in february when the president was still
saying everything was fine
saying the same thing but if you show up
at a press conference you better not ask
trump about it he has been using these q
a sessions
to beat up on the press yesterday his
victim was john karl of abc news the hhs
inspector general by the way her name
was christy grimm and it wasn't so much
her opinion but they
interviewed 323
different hospitals it still could be
her opinion when was she appointed when
was she appointed i'm not sure what she
was would you give me a favor
i'll check no no let me know now i have
to know now john let me know now how
long has that person been in government
did serve in the previous administration
oh you didn't tell me that oh
i said you didn't tell me that john you
didn't tell me that i did serve in the
previous admin
you mean the obama administration thank
you for telling me that
see there's a typical fake news deal
i told you when she was appointed
and what you just said is a disgrace
okay well it was appointed in the obama
administration
thank you very much john thank you very
much you will never make it
well he's at the white house i think
he's he made it but we should start
calling
him powders right by the way christy
grimm the woman who
called the hospitals and found out they
don't have the supplies started at the
office
of the inspector general in 1999 she
served under four presidents
republican democratic and idiotic
john carl wasn't the only journalist who
took shrapnel trump repeatedly refuted a
report
put out by his own administration that
said hospitals
have a shortage of supplies and long
waits for tests which we all know they
do but this report made him so angry
he even went after a reporter for fox
news i know you don't want to talk about
the inspector general report but testing
is still
a big issue in this country what when
can hospitals
when can hospitals expect to receive
a quick turnaround are you ready
hospitals can do their own testing also
states can do their own testing states
are supposed to be doing testing
hospitals are supposed to be doing
testing do you understand that
we're the federal government listen
we're the federal government
we're not supposed to stand on street
corners doing testing
we have a brand new testing system that
we develop very quickly
and that's your result and you should
say congratulations great job
instead of being uh so hard in the way
you ask a question please go ahead
i'll say whatever you like about the guy
he really knows how to speak to women
you know what would be great i hope this
hat one day all the reporters should get
together
and agree to only ask trump nice
questions just to be dicks
one after the other they should get up
and go mr president why was your bold
leadership so
perfect and effective wouldn't that be
the best
he's really gone off the charts with
these charts too he loves this one the
one he just showed
that shows the number of coronavirus
tests we've done so far
you can see it goes all the way up to 2
million which seems like a lot until you
consider there are 330 million
americans but don't ask him about it
everything
is perfect and great at this point it's
like the captain of the titanic
ordering the band to play louder to
drown out the screams
here's some good news at the ocean park
zoo in hong kong
the giant pandas who live there are
mating naturally
for the first time in a decade ying and
lily
are doing it do you think pandas call it
doggy style
turns out all they needed to get in the
mood was not having thousands of people
pointing at them and taking pictures all
day
for 10 years no one thought what if we
gave them some privacy
i guess there's something about humans
going instinct that makes pandas very
randy but all it took was a global
pandemic for
yang to get her groove back speaking of
grooves let's check in with our friend
guillermo who was at his home how you
doing guillermo
i'm doing great jimmy how's the family
family is good fantastic how is your
toilet
paper supply unfortunately
i'm running low you are running low i'm
sorry to hear that you know it's crazy
that's become
a normal thing to ask now how is your
toilet papers imagine if i asked that
question in january
you'd have thought i was nuts right
guillermo that's right
all right but times have changed and
we've all learned to appreciate
those fresh puffy rolls of toilet paper
and now
it is appreciating us back the folks at
cottonell made a million dollar donation
to the united way worldwide coveted 19
community response
and recovery fund and they are donating
an additional 200 thousand dollars in
honor of our show tonight
on top of that they're donating a
million rolls
of their soft and luxurious rolled gold
too you could be a part of this now
through june 1st
continental will donate an additional
dollar on behalf of anyone who tags
an instance of socially distanced toilet
paper sharing
with the hashtag shareasquare you get
all the information at cottonell.com
and so guillermo since you are in need
i am going to share a square with you
okay here's how you do it
uh there we go there take it guillermo
you see that yes thank you i got i gotta
go
all right he might need a little more
all right
use the hashtag sharersquare and thank
you to connell
for teaching us that squaring is caring
guillermo you know has a young son at
home his son benji
and he's having to homeschool him which
is something a lot of people are doing
but guillermo is so good at it
he wanted to help other parents too so
gather the kids because
it's time now for the first of what i
hope will be many installments
of homework corner with guillermo
hello and welcome to homework corner
with guillermo today's
problem is what is 189
divided by three wow
that's a very hard question
divided by three right
okay i think it's i don't even know how
i don't
i don't do division anymore oh
wow
maybe we go commercials and then we'll
be right back with the answer
[Music]
ah nothing brings people together like
division thank you guillermo